Let us look at parameter passing method for call by value, pass by value.
I will declare some variables,
As I have already shown you I have used swap function Let us right our swap function here.
Swap function which takes parameters A and B.
now here I write down the code for swapping two numbers.
That is a and b temporary variable, then a temporary variable assign a then a asssign B then B assign a temporary
variable.
Then after swapping, then main function, I will call this swap function by passing x and Y.
So when I write just x and y the values of x and y will be copied in this a and b and it will swap the number.
So who will get swap the variables a and b values and get swap actual parameters that are x and y will
not get modified.
So after this I will display the values of x and y.
So what values I should get.
I will get the same values 10 and 20 because these values will not be swapped.
So I  will do one thing I will display here.
a And B also.
So you can know
what are the values of A and B.
And before swapping Also I will display their values.
So first I will display the values and then swap them and again display the values and let us run this
and see. first values are 10 and 20.
That is in the beginning.
Here they are displayed, then 20 and 10.
So the values are change.
And finally it is displaying the values of x and y they remain same.
That is 10 and 20 only they are not swap.
So in call by value mechanism the value of the formal parameters if they are modified they will not reflect
into actual parameters.
Let us debug this program and see.
So here i will add a breakpoint and let us run the program. now
Next line when I move the value of x and y are initialize that is x is 10 and the y is 20, and x is 10
and y is 20.
So you can see that they are having these values.
Now let us move further.
Now other than to swap function and the values of a and b are 10 and 20.
Yes.
Move ahead.
Now the values are printed 10  and 20, now temp value.
This is not yet completed.
So it is garbage.
If I continue, if I see the values of A B and temp, A became 20 and the b is are still 10 only
and temp was having 10, now values of A and B are display.
So they are changed to 20 and 10, the values are Swapped.
So whose values are swaped? this local variable values are swapped, actual x and y are not to change these x and
y.
They will remain the same.
So now we are not inside this function so I cannot see these values.
Now we are back to the main function.
So the values of x and y remain same, 10 and 20 only they are not change, even though.
in the swap function we have changed the values so the values of A and B are swapped.
Not the actual parameters.
So that's it.
So these are called by value, so you know that we don't have to modify the values just you want
to send something to a function so that function returns back some result, then call the value mechanism
is useful.